[Nrm-415] Added `unescape-query` option. (#7)
th2-net/th2-codec-oracle-log-miner: README.md

**truncate-update-query-from-where-clause** - if true, codec truncates the tail of UPDATE query starting from the WHERE clause before deep parsing.
This operation improve performance without negative impact, because codec extracts data from the SET clause only.
**trim-parsed-content** - if true, Codec trims values parsed from `SQL_REDO` field. Default value is `true`

> **escaped-query** - if true, Codec unescapes `SQL_REDO` field by XML standards before parse. Default value is `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**escaped-query** - if `true`, the codec considers `SQL_REDO` field to be escaped XML and performs unescaping it before parsing. The default value is `false`
```

> **unescape-query** - if true, Codec unescapes `SQL_REDO` field by XML standards before parse. Default value is `false`

Reviewer: suggestion: I would rather name it `escaped-query`. This indicates that codec expects to receive the query with an escaped character sequence. It is implicit that codec needs to unescape them to process the values correctly. Also, maybe add `xml` prefix in the beginning to highlight that the XML escaping is expected (`xml-escaped-query`)

Author: I'm OK about name but I think I will add esacped-query-type if another type will be required
